# TODO:

--- General
- [ ] Create a proper suit of tests
  - [ ] Keep extracting code into modules and functions 
  - [ ] Posterior analysis for gempy 
- [ ] Investigate speed
- [x] Investigate segmentation function
  https://chatgpt.com/share/68172f53-4f7c-8000-8f42-205a033ed899
- [ ] Create a robust api to make sure we do not mess up assigning priors to gempy parameters
- [ ] do we need to use index_put or just normal indexing?
--- Vector examples
- [ ] Bring the Vector examples here...
  - Stonepark
    - Gravity
    - Multidimensional likelihood
  - spremberg
    - Categories
- [ ] Using categories as likelihood function (maybe I need to check out with Sam)
--- MinEye
- [ ] Revive magnetics
- [ ] Add Simon's example

### Doing:
- [x] Compressing code
- [x] GemPy posterior visualization
- [x] Add proper thickness likelihood
- [x] Segmentation function 
- [ ] @Look-Bellow What would I want to have to do StonePark example as flowless as possible? 
- [ ] Speed: Blocked by having a model that is not too big.
  - [ ] Time test for torch CPU
  - [ ] Time test for keops CPU
  - [ ] Time test for keops GPU
  - [ ] Options and config presets                                                  
   
### Possible Design:
- Geological Model
- Priors
- Likelihood
----
- Having a runner or something like that?

### Saving posteriors gempy models for later analysis
- ? Do we want to try to save the full input as versioning so that we can just have one system to go back and forth?

### Likelihood functions
- ? Should I start to create a catalog of likelihood functions that goes with gempy?
  - This would be useful to be able to visualize whatever the likelihood function represents independent of the probabilistic model.

### What would I want to have to do StonePark example as flowless as possible? 
1. [x] A way to save the model already with the correct **nugget effects** instead of having to "load nuggets" (TODO in gempy)
2. [ ] Likelihood function plug and play
3. [ ] Some sort of pre-analysis if the model looks good. Maybe some metrics about how long it takes to run the model. 
   1. Condition number
   2. Acceptance rate of the posterior
4. Easy pykeops setting using .env
5. Some sort of easy set-up for having a reduced number of priors


## Probabilistic Modeling definition